Professional Services Agreement
===============================


I. Summary
----------

Effective [DATE], *[CLIENT]* ("Client") agrees to retain the
professional services of *Silicon Beach Heavy Industries* ("Consultant") under
the terms set forth in this contract.


II. Services
------------

Consultant shall restore proper operation of Client's staging server, which is
currently inoperable.  Once problem has been corrected, Consultant shall take
reasonable steps to prevent its recurrence.  Additionally Consultant may
perform other related tasks as directed by Client.


III. Compensation
-----------------

Consultant shall bill Client on an hourly basis, at a rate of $200/hr.  All
hours spent working for Client's interests shall be considered billable,
including correspondence and directly relevant research.  Consultant shall
issues invoices on a weekly basis.

Consultant shall not incur any expenses on Client's behalf, without explicit
written authorization from Client. 

Client agrees to pay invoices in full and promptly, within 14 days of their
receipt.  Invoices not paid by due date shall be charged an automatic 5% late
fee for each week, or fraction thereof, they remain in arrears.


IV. Copyright
-------------

Ownership of Copyright to any software produced or altered pursuant to this
contract shall automatically be assigned to Client, after Client's payment
clears for the period in which the work was performed.  


V. Best Practices
-----------------

Consultant shall use current industry best practices, tools, and technologies
when providing services to Client.


VI. Open Source
---------------

In the course of providing requested services to Client, it may be necessary
for Consultant to make bug fixes or other changes to Free Software projects
used by Client.  Such changes shall be contributed back to the project under an
appropriate Open Source license.


VII. Client Support
-------------------

Client agrees to provide Consultant with reasonable support as necessary to
perform requested services.  Such support may include, but is not limited to,
access to Client staff members, login credentials for servers, source code, or
technical documentation.

Any credentials, documentation, and other sensitive data will be destroyed or
returned, at Client's request, at termination of this contract.


VIII. Non-Disclosure
--------------------

Consultant agrees not to disclose specific details of Client's unique
innovative technologies ("special sauce") to anyone not working Client or
authorized thereby.

Client agrees that much of the technical work performed by Consultant will be
the execution of current industry best practices, and that such techniques
shall not be subject to this non-disclosure.  Consultant reserves the right to
describe in general terms work performed for Client, in marketing materials,
without further notification.


IX. Liability
------------

In no event shall Consultant be liable for any damages arising from the use of
the software or systems developed under the terms of this agreement.

X. Whole Agreement
-------------------

This contract is the whole agreement between Client and Consultant.  It
supercedes all previous agreements or understanding of any kind between the
parties.  There are no other promises, conditions, understandings, or other
agreements, relating to the subject matter of this agreement.


XI. Governing Law
-----------------

This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws
of the Santa Clara County and the State of California.


XII. Severability
-----------------

If any provision of this Agreement is held illegal or unenforceable in a
judicial proceeding, such provision shall be severed, and the remainder of this
Agreement shall remain operative and binding on the parties.









____________________________________________________________
Client

________________________________________
Date




____________________________________________________________
Consultant

________________________________________
Date
